add lesson1 branch (#2)
Garllon/mentorship: README.md

- [Setup](#setup)
  - [For MacOS and Windows User](#for-macos-and-windows-user)
  - [For Linux User](#for-linux-user)
- [Lesson 1 - Variables](#lesson-1-variables)

## General

> This is a guide for doing a mentorship. It is baed on ruby, currently 2.7.x.

Reviewer: What do you think about this?
```suggestion
This is a guide for doing a mentorship. It is based on ruby, currently 2.7
```
